the situation inside Gaza is becoming
increasingly desperate the UN agency
unra uh which represents looks after
Palestinian refugees has said that well
Communications have been cut in Gaza
since Friday evening they're starting to
return but they say that people who live
there have stormed unra warehouses they
say they have been in there and taken
what they need things like food and
water and basic hygiene kits and they
say that it is a sign really of the
desperation that is happening in Gaza at
the moment as such a limited amount of
humanitarian Aid continues to make its
way into the territory only around 80
trucks or so in the last week have
passed in which compares to around a 100
trucks a day which would happen in
normal time